[Music]
ten weird things that happened to your
body in a plane summer is the hottest
season for vacations and soon many of us
will find ourselves on board airplanes
heading toward adventures some though
consider this means of transport very
uncomfortable and prefer another one
well there are reasons for this as some
bizarre things happen to the human body
while traveling by plane watch the video
till the end to know how air travel
affects you
number 10 your legs swell have you ever
noticed your feet literally become
bigger and wider when you're on a plane
sometimes it's even difficult to put
your tight shoes on to go to the
bathroom
why does this happen while on board you
can't walk freely and stretch your legs
unfortunately lack of motion leads to
blood stagnation in your legs and this
may cause swelling and even clotting to
avoid this stretch your legs from time
to time and walk for a while up and down
the aisle of course when the fasten the
seat belt sign is off number nine your
tastes in food change as for me I hardly
butter or white bread or drink tomato
juice but they become my favourite food
on board a plane what about you have you
noticed any changes in your tastes while
flying scientists found that the brain
area is responsible for taste
preferences work differently in flight
even those with a real sweet tooth can
have a strange desire for tomato juice
on board a plane let us know in the
comments if something unusual like this
has ever happened to you number eight
you get bad breath one of the biggest
problems during flight is dehydration
and dehydration in turn causes your body
to produce less saliva that leads to the
growth of bacteria and consequently bad
breath you can avoid this by having a
healthy meal before the flight and
chewing peppermint gum also drink more
water to avoid dehydration and keep in
mind that juices carbonated drinks and
alcohol don't
quench your thirst but make it even
stronger try to avoid them aboard a
plane seven you suffer from skin
problems
you look fantastic before the flight but
then you glance in the mirror aboard a
plane and notice some unpleasant changes
on your face you might look tired dull
or even pale that happens because
dehydration also cause skin flaking and
acne the dry air on board weakens your
skin's protective properties which leads
to skin issues to stay safe just take
some moisturizing cream with you coconut
oil can also help you moisturize the
skin and make it look glowing number six
your head spins you may experience
dizziness nausea or even vomiting during
the flight because the static picture
you see doesn't correspond to the
feeling of movement in other words your
body is stressed don't worry you're not
alone with this problem a lot of people
complain about these unpleasant symptoms
to alleviate the symptoms choose window
seats near the wings scientists prove it
helps to get rid of dizziness number
five you find it difficult to relieve
yourself lack of mobility can lead to
constipation or flatulence as well long
hours of sitting slow down metabolism
and the change of pressure makes gases
alter their circulation pattern it's a
common thing happening during a flight
don't worry how to avoid this problem
cut down on calories before the flight
and stretch your muscles from time to
time
number four your hearing weakens changes
in pressure aboard a plane may cause
your ears to pop if you let it be the
air will start pressing from inside
leading to temporary hearing impairments
and pain has this ever happened to you
chewing gum or hard candy will help you
out here
they stimulate salivation and swallowing
let some air out number three you feel a
sudden toothache many air travelers
notice pain in their teeth during
flights have you ever noticed this as
well
if so you know what an annoying feeling
it is the reason is the difference in
pressures the air gets into small
orifices and presses your teeth from
inside what can you do to avoid this
pain visit your dentist before traveling
the doctor will fix all the small
problems you have with your teeth and
you will enjoy your flight without any
pain number two you consume dangerous
bacteria despite all efforts to make the
wetter onboard safe most liquids there
still contain harmful bowel bacteria to
avoid infection drink only bottled water
and stay away from tea coffee and water
from the sink also don't let your food
touch the table it's a home for hundreds
of types of bacteria who knows what a
previous passenger on your seat had done
there
you know sometimes some annoying
passengers put their legs on the tables
yes they manage to do it somehow so
don't put anything on the table that
you're planning to put in your mouth
next number one you become nervous even
those who aren't afraid of flying may
become agitated or even angry on board
the reason is simple we aren't in
control of our safety and that makes us
anxious how do you behave on board by
the way do you manage to stay calm or
easily get nervous if you are scared of
flying and always feel tensed on board
an interesting book movie or sound sleep
will help you cope with that so do you
like flying or prefer other means of
transport did any funny situations
happen to you on board share them in the
comments below
we love true stories from our viewers
don't forget to hit the like button and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
you